Added variable value usage script example (#1203)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/examples/variables/find-variable-vaule-usage.md

---
title: Find variable value usage

> description: An example script that finds all variables with a specifc value in project variables and variable sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: An example script that finds all variables with a specific value in project variables and library variable sets.
```

---

> This script demonstrates how to programmatically find usages of a variable value in all projects and variables sets. You could use this to help replace values in connection string if a server name or IP has changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script demonstrates how to programmatically find usages of a variable value in all projects and library variable sets. You could use this to help replace values in a connection string if a server name or IP has changed.
```
